update helm deployment for v2 chart (#6777)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/helm.md

          port: "%%port_0%%"
```

## Upgrading from chart v1.x

> The datadog chart has been refactored to regroup the values.yaml parameters in a more logical way. Please follow the migration guide to update your values.yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog chart has been refactored in v2.0 to regroup the `values.yaml` parameters in a more logical way. Follow the migration guide to update your `values.yaml` file.
```

There is a link missing here to the migration guide.

> If the current chart version deployed is earlier than `v2.0.0`, migrating from 1.x to 2.x requires updating the values.yaml file to map your previous settings with the new fields. The mapping can be found in the [migration guide][11]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
